Service-emails-update-post (#1224)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/260101-service-email-coming-soon.md

---

> title: "Customer emails: early access"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Service emails - early access"
```

date: "2024-07-16"
tags: ["Product", "Update"]
authors: ajacksoncodat
---

> We are launching service emails to inform your customers about the state of their data connection on your behalf. You can opt in early to benefit from this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll soon be launching our new service email feature. Automatically inform your customers when they need to reconnect their integration, their banking connection is due to expire, and more. 

**You can opt in early to benefit from this functionality.**
```

<!--truncate-->

Service emails increase customer engagement and offer them a way to reconnect their account, ensuring your connection to their data is resilient.

## What's new?

> If you choose to enable this feature, we will contact your customers on your behalf in these scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling this early-access feature, Codat will notify your customers by email whenever:
```

>  - **Your customer successfully authorized their data connection.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Your customer successfully shares data with you.**
```

>    We will inform your customer that you can access their data and give them a way for them to control the status of their connection.

Reviewer: A sentence to explain why this is useful might be needed for this one - reassuring the user they were successful and giving them a way of managing their connection
